Warning about upgrading multiple minor versions (#8242)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/upgrade/index.md

test: no
---

{{< warning >}}

> Upgrade across multiple minor versions in one step is not officially tested or recommended.

Reviewer: C/Upgrade/Upgrading ?

Author: done.

> Upgrade across multiple minor versions in one step is not officially tested or recommended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upgrading across more than one minor version (e.g., `1.5.x` to `1.7.x`) in one step is not officially tested or recommended.
```
